Bird flu has been circling the globe for decades.
So the discovery in 2024 that the deadly pathogen had jumped from a wild bird to a cow came as a shock to virus watchers.
Now, in just over a year, the virus has ripped through America's dairy herds and poultry flocks.
It has jumped to other mammals, including humans.
70 Americans have caught the virus.
One has died.
Long feared as a possible pandemic,
Doctors and veterinarians fighting the virus told us Biden's government was slow to act, while the Trump administration has now laid off more than 100 key scientists, all as the virus keeps spreading.
The story will continue in a moment.
Sounds exciting, doesn't it?
At present, we're given a stick, and they put a blindfold on us, and we're sent into a gunfight, and we're losing.
we are losing.
Veterinarian Dr. Kay Russo told us we are running out of time to stop bird flu.
She was called in when the virus, H5N1, hit this dairy herd in Colorado last summer.
It cost the farm about $400,000 to treat its sick cattle.
Wow.
Some protective gear.
Yep.
$400,000.
We didn't bring anything onto the farm ourselves.
There's no front or back.
It's high fashion.
It's real high fashion.
It's not clear how bird flu is spread from cow to cow, but milking equipment is a prime suspect.
The virus is thought to linger on the auto milker, waiting for the next cow.
The virus.
Workers here in milking parlors have also fallen sick.
So what concerns you the most?
the pandemic potential for a virus like this one.
And, you know, that is the worst case scenario, right?
And ultimately one we want to avoid.
I can't say that that's going to happen, but we don't want to play with fire.
The worst case scenario, ladies and gentlemen, the worst case scenario.
Cows were suffering from a mysterious disease.
Their fevers... This was like three days ago.
They were coughing, drooling, lethargic.
Soon, there were more sick cattle in neighboring states.
Kay Russo joined a conference call of worried vets to try to figure it out.
I started asking questions.
What are the birds doing on the farm?
And one of the veterinarians replied, well, they're all dead.
So they're seeing dead birds on the farms.
Yep.
You know, we started to see the cats that were demonstrating neurologic symptoms.
And more alarmingly... Neurologic symptoms.
It's the cat flu from the Simpsons.
Oh my gosh.
To confirm Russo's worst fears, H5N1 had jumped to cattle for the first time.
In past outbreaks, bird flu has often been deadly in people.
If you look at cases worldwide of H5 influenza, the mortality rate's 50%.
And so we're all kind of, you know, talking to each other, what does this mean?
And that was a scary space to be in.
Despite the urgency, Russo and other vets told us the Biden administration was slow to act.
Oh, a month before the you.
So this is supposed to be in 2024.
And now we're in 2025.
And she's even more worried.
That's that's what we're actually seeing here.
Wow.
Impressive.
US Department of Agriculture.
required cows to be tested before interstate travel and 10 months before a raw milk testing program was launched.
Today, some states test weekly, some hardly at all.
A raw milk testing, right?
Because it's not in pasteurized milk, it's in raw milk.
Do we have enough information about how this virus is spreading?
I would say today, no.
And that comes down to
Boots on the ground where you have a strike force that comes in the middle of an outbreak and it just starts collecting data.
Oh wow, that's awesome.
A strike force that comes in in the middle of the night and just starts collecting data.
Like they break your back door open and they start swabbing your kids.
Russo told us at the moment, the virus has the upper hand.
I think it's a numbers game.
And the more we let it move unchecked, the more likely we're going to have even a bigger mess on our hands.
Are we really supposed to believe this is a serious person?
Removing them with trailers and driving egg prices sky high.
Now, a new strain of bird flu has been discovered in cattle.
It has led to more severe disease in some people.
This is a threat that is very significant and very real.
Who is this guy?
I recognize also this is a moment where it's easy to sound like an alarmist.
What I'm here to tell you is this is a very serious threat to humanity.
And the longer we let this persist, the greater the risks are going to be.
Okay, so I don't know how you feel about this, but 60 Minutes is the place where Peter Daszak made his debut
and Peter Daszak was actually featured a few times.
Actually, on 60 Minutes is where George Webb made his TV debut as a bad guy in the coronavirus narrative.
I find it extraordinary now that we are being introduced to yet another new virologist who is, you know, really terrified of the next pandemic.
And we're about to hear in this video, I believe that it's not only in cats and in people and in cows, but I mean, it's everywhere.
Dr. Cameron Khan is an infectious disease physician in Toronto.
His company, Blue Dot, was among the first to flag the virus in China that became the COVID pandemic.
Among the first to flag the virus that became the COVID pandemic.
His firm was one of the first.
Come on.
On told us bird flu is just as concerning.
He showed us how fast the virus has spread among dairy cattle.
It seems like here's a map with different colors and circles and colored in States to show how fast it's spreading.
I mean, this is actually worse than the, than the Johns Hopkins map.
This is even, this is like for four year olds.
Almost a wildfire to me.
Yeah, absolutely.
A wildfire.
Wow, look at it.
So this is virtually the whole country.
Pretty much.
Oh my gosh.
Next, Dr. Cameron Kahn showed us a map of all the confirmed human cases of bird flu in the last five years.
Most have been in Asia until now.
What you start to see around 2024 is you start to see a case in Texas, and then you start to see this sudden, rapid increase in cases across the country.
All over the place.
What's happening here is wild birds have infected cows, who have then infected other cows, who have then infected humans.
And so there's this complex web of all of these different
animal species now passing the virus in different directions.
Is this one of those things you have never seen before?
The world has never seen this kind of situation.
And it's showing us that the virus is capable of adaptation, if you allow it.
It will just get better and better at infecting other mammals, including potentially humans.
Most of the confirmed cases in the U.S.
have been farmworkers.
Most had mild symptoms.
the one person who died had underlying health conditions.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention say the virus still poses a low risk to the general public.
But Kahn told us many cases are going undetected.
Why do you say that?
So, in a recent study of dairy workers... In a recent study of dairy workers, the P values were significant.
In a recent study,
This is remarkable.
We're talking about asymptomatic spread.
We're talking about it building in the background.
We're talking about nobody having any previous immunity to this virus.
It's all kind of frighteningly similar to the nonsense that went on five years ago.
It's almost like we're in a hamster wheel.
their blood was tested for antibodies to H5N1, not looking for the virus, but looking for the immune system's memory of this virus.
And it turns out that 7% of them, one out of roughly every 15 workers, actually had antibodies to H5N1.
people are not.
So antibodies to H5N1 are an indication of its presence but not of its where in that temporal line of exposure those antibodies were generated and to what exact damage associated molecular pattern those antibodies are associated with even if their test pulls them down.
And that's part of the remarkable exaggeration of specificity that goes on here.
Whenever they talk about antibodies, whenever they talk about measuring immunity, they are by definition getting you to argue on their terms, using their definitions, and using their sort of rubric for defining all of these arguments.
And so you can't ever win.
The rules are rigged, and the language is rigged, the definitions are rigged, so that even if you end up getting a checkmate, the end result is that your team still loses because you're playing their game.
As long as you keep playing chess when the real game is over there and it has to do with your kid's future and your kid's medical records and the way that your kids think about themselves as sovereign individuals, then you're playing chess for, you can get as good at it as you want to.
You're not gonna win.
It's just a social media hamster wheel.
And we cannot allow our kids to inherit the next generation of this hamster wheel.
The next iteration of social media will be even more malevolent and even more difficult.
to usefully spread information on.
I am still kind of optimistic that some of these decentralized, federalized sort of social media platforms like PeerTube and Soapbox and that can make a decentralized network that essentially allows people to build communities online that understand the same information the same way and interpret reality the same way so that they can act collectively.
which is really what an internet should do if it was doing what it's supposed to be doing.
Which would be good for almost everybody, right?
That's the whole concept that it seems so easy, you know, just let it go, but they've never, ever, ever let it go.
Otherwise, think about that for a second, run that simulation, where would we be by now?
This is, this is remarkable because again, it's a, it's a hamster wheel and the people that usefully like really skillfully use social media and TV, they are stuck in this because now they're going to argue with that veterinarian.
Now they're going to argue with this guy in the funny glasses.
And as long as we argue with these people, then we're already playing by their rules.
We're already using their terms and their definitions.
And as long as we do that, then we will never really make any progress in teaching our children what this illusion is all about.
Generally getting very sick from this.
So what's the reason for all the alarm?
Influenza is a particularly formidable virus.
It is constantly changing.
And the more that we allow it to evolve and adapt by infecting people, I mean, this is kind of Darwinian evolution here, right?
It can change in ways that actually make it even more deadly or more easily transmissible or even resist against some of the antiviral medications that we have.
Khan told us every new infection increases the odds.
So that's already kind of the semantic enchantment.
You could kind of hear it there where he was being very imprecise.
And a lot of that imprecision
in the new biology 101, it's going to be very obvious to you, that imprecision is taking some genetic concepts which have been, you know, established to a large extent in bacteria or in yeast, for example, and then generalizing those molecular mechanisms across all higher organisms, all higher hyper symbiotic pattern integrities.
And that's a ridiculous notion.
It's a very ridiculous notion because it doesn't respect that same component's presence in those pattern integrities, those higher ordered organisms.
So this is going to be a long trek in terms of trying to establish an alternative way of talking about biology without using their terms, without being limited by their concepts.
Because their concepts are often as simplistic
as finding something that works in a dish with bacteria and assuming that that same concept is present and fundamental to understanding higher organisms like ourselves.
And that is part of this bad biology that they think they can do because they found DNA.
DNA means that evolution is real.
And so all these assumptions are just, they're all there for them.
They get to have all of them.
And that is the basis for this bad biology.
It's the basis for that cognitive trap that we've been in from that perspective since high school biology 101.
And it relies, this whole narrative relies on you accepting that one fundamental omission, that we are a symbiosis.
And that's,
omitting that is what allows them to tell these tall tales about viruses which can, you know, develop resistance to antivirals is the equivalent to resistance to antibiotics.
This whole concept is fundamentally rooted
in this bad biology.
And if you change that bad biology to a new model, then all of these other misleading concepts just kind of evaporate.
That's what I think is so compelling about, about attempting to, to describe a new model of biology 101.
Bird flu could lead to severe disease as we saw during COVID.
In North America,
Six people now have ended up in the hospital with bird flu.
More worrying, five people had no known exposure to sick animals.
One girl in Mexico died two weeks ago.
We are really at risk of this virus evolving into one that has pandemic potential.
And the reality is, none of us know whether this is next week or next year or never.
I don't think it's never.
But it may be here far sooner than any of us would like.
Many scientists told us vaccines could be our best defense.
There is a vaccine for bird flu, but it has not been licensed by the Food and Drug Administration.
Moderna has a new one, but the Trump administration has paused its final funding.
There are vaccines for poultry, too.
I'm pretty sure that's no longer the case.
I'm pretty sure Moderna got its final funding.
Correct me if I'm wrong.
But they haven't been used because many of America's trading partners... I love the ones up at the top there.
...do not import vaccinated birds.
A glimmer of hope, the USDA's milk testing program.
This is repurposed from COVID testing from three or four years ago.
repurposed from COVID testing three or four years ago as he points to a $100,000 automated machine.
Think about that for a minute.
There are companies in America with the sort of, how would you say it, technological infrastructure to just test
And so they have the financial incentive to buy into any of this bullshit because they have the stuff.
Well, you need cakes.
I can bake cakes.
I got the oven.
I bought this really super fat oven, the best oven that money could buy.
I got four of them for the pandemic because at the beginning of the pandemic, everybody needed cakes.
But then everybody stopped needing cakes.
But if you guys need cakes, oh man, that's perfect for me.
Dr. Keith Paulson is director of the Wisconsin Veterinary Diagnostic Lab, part of the USDA's plan to test raw milk for H5N1.
And of course it's in Wisconsin, right?
I mean, anywhere where there's that many animals, there's gonna be a whole group of people ready to help out with this.
I mean, they're gonna spread the word through their little networks about, you know how much money you can make in a dairy state in the coming years?
Get busy, boys.
Pasteurization kills the virus, but raw milk can be loaded with it.
Is this where you would identify the virus?
I said it.
I just said it.
One positive cow in a group of a thousand.
Forty-five states are now doing some form of... Think about the exaggerated level of specificity and accuracy that that implies.
That they can find one cow in a thousand
And it won't be any false negatives.
There won't be any false positives.
It's just that one positive in a thousand because their test is that good.
I mean, that is some remarkable level of salesmanship.
Paulson told us it's helped to slow the spread of the virus in some states.
That's a good point.
Zardoz in the chat is saying PCR.
They haven't said how they're testing yet.
And I think that's by design.
They don't want you to think about the particular methodology used, whether they're using lateral flow testing or blood testing or PCR.
Obviously, they're using PCR because they are repurposing those PCR machines from COVID, but they didn't actually say it.
They just kind of implied it, which is good.
When you see the outbreak curve level off or start to decline, do you go like, phew, we dodged one?
I don't think we go, phew, until we're deactivated, our lab.
We're still in outbreak response mode.
And while we may have fewer detections, we know that there are still viruses circulating based on all the data from the virologists that we're talking to.
And we want to make sure that we catch it fast.
The CDC is trying to ramp up its testing.
But there's another... Are those CDC workers or are those guys just the milkers of that cows in that commercial farm?
What the hell is this?
...problem.
Almost half of farm workers are undocumented and may be reluctant to be tested.
With their N95 masks... If we're not testing people, if we're not looking for people who might get it, if we're not looking for evidence of an early cluster of human-to-human transmission, then we're going to miss it.
Everybody knows who Rasmussen is, right?
Everybody knows who this lady is.
Wow.
That's that's remarkable.
Look at that that pin It's almost like it's almost like they're trying to tell you that yeah, it's people that are working with Canadians It's like a NATO operation and anybody that's been to Canada and America repeatedly Might be a problem They're like orchestrating this across borders and
There's a Georgetown virologist that now works for some vaccine thing in Canada, and that's not unusual.
This lady who was sure it's natural, it can't be a lab leak, and now she's on TV again?
That's part of the hamster wheel.
Hamster wheel of the scooby-doo the hamster wheel of the lab leak the hamster wheel of of censorship of fake people taking fake positions with extreme certainty and Here she is again taking an extreme position with extreme certainty about the high fidelity of her biology It's remarkable when you can see it clearly how hard they're going at it.
This is this is a full-court press.
This isn't a joke
Dr. Angela Rasmussen is an American virologist working in Canada.
Rasmussen told us it's not just the number of human cases that is alarming, but that the virus is jumping to more mammals.
Llamas?
Every new spillover gives the virus another chance to evolve and potentially spread person to person.
So we are now seeing the viruses spread from birds to cattle and now to foxes, goats, pigs, rats, cats, raccoons.
The fact that this virus can infect so many different types of mammals.
Seven, seven.
Plus it's, we're talking about birds, right?
Seven.
This is, this is,
Can you see it yet?
Can you see where the new Biology 101 fits in here perfectly?
Because the story that they told us about coronavirus was that it had the highest specificity for ACE2 that they'd ever seen.
And yet somehow or another, its extremely high specificity also led to it being found in zoo animals and in all the white-tailed deer in North America, even though it had the most high affinity for the human ACE2 receptor ever.
And yet here now, we have a story of the flu.
infecting all kinds of species with no discussion whatsoever about what receptor mechanism might underlie this phenomenon that heretofore was only attributed to a lab generated virus with a specificity so high it had never been seen on earth before.
And yet now that phenomenon is relatively normal.
That's what we expect from all these viruses.
And we're just finding it everywhere.
Think about that for a second.
For almost two and a half years, we were told that COVID had all kinds of attributes that had never been seen before and was like a lottery being won because it was jackpot after jackpot after jackpot.
Staphylococcus enterotoxin B, something like that.
Like the HIV inserts, the furin cleavage site, the specially spaced restriction enzymes that make it obviously manufactured, all of these hints
And in the first two years, it was ACE-2, ACE-2, ACE-2, ACE-2, ACE-2 inhibitors, Bradykinin.
It was all about this ACE-2.
And for now, we don't have to talk about the mechanism of receptors at all.
It's just in all these, it's just crazy.
It's in all these animals.
And we, you know, cause flu can do that, I guess.
is a huge concern in terms of its ability to infect people.
One of your colleagues told us that if this should spiral into a pandemic, this flu could make COVID look like a walk in the park.
I agree.
You're scaring me.
I'm scared about it myself.
I don't sleep very much these days, Bill.
I'm scared of it myself.
I don't sleep much these days, Bill.
Stop lying!
I'm scared of it myself, Bill.
I don't sleep much these days, she says.
Rasmussen was among the scientists given expert briefings by the Biden administration in 2024.
She told us Biden's team miscalculated the threat at first.
It was some gambling and some wishful thinking.
thinking this isn't actually going to be that big of a deal.
And it turns out it was a very big deal.
It's an interesting set of circumstances, right, where the COVID pandemic kind of just starts in Trump's little
while Trump is on the way out.
And then for four years, we just have, you know, total control over the narrative and whatever we want to say, we can do whatever we want and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And then Trump comes in office again, and now we're going to start another narrative just like this, where, you know, it looks like they predicted it right.
We saw it, we said it, here it comes, and it's the same people.
Which is strange, right?
Because now they have this guy in the White House and they can say that he ignored it and they can say that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
defunded or fired these people.
And so the whole kind of incompetence narrative is set up again, but it's now set up on a pretty left-right sort of controlled demolition of America style.
Holy shit.
Now we're really set for an implosion because with Trump the first time, it was Fauci.
And it was Francis Collins.
And it was Rochelle Walensky.
And it was, you know, all these people that had trained under Fauci for years and worked on HIV for years before they participated in this narrative.
These are people who already understood.
But now we're in a different situation.
Now, it seems like we're in a situation where it's going to be easy to blame the whole executive branch.
where it's going to be very easy to sort of take it down to the studs, if you will.
And, and I think that that's what we should be aware of.
That's what we should be afraid of here, because this same narrative executed now with Jay Bhattacharya at the head of the NIH with, with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
at the head of HHS.
What happens when he declares a bird flu pandemic?
Because remember, he's part of the executive branch.
He's not an independently elected brain here.
We're talking about somebody who essentially has to do what he's told or he can be replaced.
Like it or not.
That's independent of the other accusations and other speculations that I've made about the people behind him.
the Trump administration gotten its arms around this problem?
No, I would say is the short answer.
But the other, the longer answer is that I don't actually entirely know what is what is going on.
Why is that?
Many of the people who are working on this, at least at CDC, have have been fired from the federal government.
So the influenza division at CDC has been decimated.
And in fact, there is a communications ban
that has been put on these federal workers.
What do you think of that?
I think it's insane, actually, that I have to have conversations on encrypted messaging apps with my colleagues who I would normally just send emails to.
Hundreds of federal scientists.
I don't know why that last part has anything to do with the first part.
If all these people got fired, then why do you need to send encrypted messages to them?
What does that have any, that's such a weird story to tell and put on 60 minutes on, that's an edited interview.
So they selected that soundbite.
Just like they selected to show you George Webb in February of 2020, talking about some Dutch lady and the Wuhan military games.
It was, none of this is by accident.
...and health workers who track bird flu have been laid off.
Some may be rehired.
The CDC declined to answer our questions, saying it continues to respond to the H5N1 bird flu outbreak.
Colorado vet Kay Russo and others told us... They edited it out there or talked over it, but she said worst case scenario again there, which is pretty funny.
...they feel stymied.
The current distrust of science and vaccines is hurting their fight to try to prevent the next pandemic.
I would scorch the earth if this ends up in children deaths.
And so as a mother, as a veterinarian, as a scientist, I'm just asking you trust us because I will do everything in my power and there's plenty of folks behind me that will do the same to keep this from getting to that point.
So if kids die of bird flu, she's gonna burn the whole earth.
I don't really get that statement at all, other than, again, we're talking about somebody auditioning.
Auditioning to be a more prominent player in the theater by which we are governed.
Most of these people do not understand the difference between what they are doing and just trying to succeed career-wise, and that's the sad part.
We have so many people that are still absolutely trapped in mainstream media narratives, in mainstream media reality, or in social media reality.
And the most dangerous adults are trapped in social media reality, where they think that mainstream media is incapable of carrying the truth.
And the truth has something to do with aliens and warp speed and what's underneath the pyramids.
This is the most malevolent sort of warfare.
It's the most malevolent sort of governance where mythologies and actors and scripts are used on television to create the illusion of consensus about a phenomenon, about a social, a socioeconomic phenomenon, a biological phenomenon, even a multi-generational phenomenon.
That is how we are governed, until we start to be able to actively question everything that comes into our ears, instead of hanging on for dear life as the information goes past us, or even worse, passively sitting there with no muscle tone at all as the information just kind of washes over us.
The bottom line is that if you're not acting, someone else is.
If you're not thinking, someone else is doing it for you.
And in the case of 60 Minutes, unless you're actively seeking the mythology and trying to understand the mythology that is being projected here, then you're already just in a hamster wheel.
There's no truth here.
There's nothing to be sieved and then you have the golden nugget of truth.
There's nothing other than they need your children to believe this.
They need us to teach our children this.
That's what they need.
So if you would like to be notified of the stream, please send an email to that email right there.
If you're going to share this afterward, please share stream.gigaom.bio where you should be able to also download it and post it wherever you want to make clips, however you want to, please do so.
If you can find a way to make your family, uh,
more safe and secure and raise money for your family by taking cuts from these videos and putting them on your own YouTube channel and collecting whatever revenue you get from it, please do.
If you think you can turn my work into better written materials and raise money that will help your family get into the future and spread this to other families, then please do.
I don't want any
Your money that you earn through your hard work using these ideas because these ideas are not mine.
These are ideas are conglomeration and a remix at best and so I humbly Thank you very much for being here.
And if you can and want to support this work, please go to gigoloandbiological.com And find a way to do so we only make make it because of those people Thank you very much
you
The end.
so
And good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the show.
This is Gingo on Biological, a new biology 101.
Life is a pattern, integrity with a trajectory across time.
The voice that you're hearing is Jonathan Cooey.
I am the chief biologist of Gingo on Biological.
I am coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania out of the back of my garage, even though it seems like I'm doing magic.
I'm just really badass at what I do.
Yeah, the stain of my previous work can be found on PubMed, but also throughout the internet.
Unfortunately, Panda lost all of my presentations from a few years ago.
But I am really well represented, actually, in the work of Woodhouse76 on Substack.
Jessica Hockett and Jonathan Engler regularly take my ideas and water them down and then
tend to argue with people like Claire Craig or Pierre Corey.
But in reality, all of these ideas that these clowns are parroting are actually just stuff taken from my work or from Mark's work or from other people, because these are really, these are part of the team of people behind Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., the whole Skyhorse publishing nonsense.
They're also behind Jay Bhattacharya's placement at NIH.
I guess that's about all I can really tell you.
It is a bunch of people that don't have our best interests in mind.
They are auditioning to be part of the governance structure.
This is Gigoland Biological.
It is a journal club today on the 28th of April, 2025.
Biology is the way.
And so I think it's always very important to test our biology to make sure that we know what we're talking about.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is for all the children of earth.
It's for all the marbles.
Good morning.
Hello.
How are you?
That's why there's a fake anti-vax movement in America And so I don't want to make too much of a big deal about that But I do think it's really important to start there And make sure that everybody has a clear idea of what I'm trying to suggest I think that there is a fake anti-vax in movement in America and
and it's been around for many years.
I think it has its roots in the fake anti-vax movement in the UK around the MMR vaccine and centered around a man by the name of Andrew Wakefield, who coincidentally came to the United States, became rich, recycling this, I would say, sort of political and social capital to manipulate the health freedom movement in America and essentially cut its legs out.
with the intention of using it as a way of propelling someone like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
into the White House.
I think they've come short or fell short of that goal.
But, you know, it's where we are.
And when you're engaged in such a long con, then you got to stick to your story, even when you don't quite get where you want to be.
Because it's required loyalty to get this far.
And so you've got to stick to it.
And I think that's where we are.
I think it's unfortunate, but that's where we are.
My experience tells me that these people are part of this concerted effort to hide this magnificent background.
on which that PCR is supposedly working to give us a very high fidelity read on all the variants of bird flu and all the places that it can be found, as well as previously the wonderful phylogeny of the COVID virus as it evolved over the last five years.
This is all based on this nonsense, bad biology 101, where evolution because DNA, that's about the best way to summarize it.
They found DNA and therefore Darwin was right and all the implications of it are that, you know, it's a species thing.
You should be concerned about the species.
We should, you know, take control of the evolution of the species.
Anybody that's smart enough to understand this realizes there's a moral imperative to take control of the evolution of the species.
And that is essentially how these people think and how they make the equations on the board, which essentially cancel out God on both sides of the equation.
And so the way that I am trying to break people open on this idea is to make sure that people understand that what happened during the pandemic can be summarized as murder and lies.
That's unfortunate, but it's really true.
Not everybody understands, maybe it's manslaughter, but an anticipated rise in expected deaths, an anticipated rise that could be seen in the population pyramid of all the countries of the West,
This anticipated rise in all-cause mortality was misconstrued as evidence of an RNA pandemic using murder and lies, sophisticated lies like the PCR test, sophisticated lies like whole genome sequencing of the virus, sophisticated lies like using supplementary oxygen in place of ventilators that we were running out of, that Elon Musk was gonna convert his factory to making.
These are the kinds of myths that have never been debunked.
And instead, they've moved right on as quickly as possible to the talking specifically about COVID shots and whether the shots were contaminated or not, or whether they, you know, that, that, that
completely ran the clock out on this fundamental part of the narrative.
And unfortunately, this phenomenon even, the idea that there was a population pyramid that could have predicted the rise in all-cause mortality, that just not using antibiotics for pneumonia
could cause a significant rise in all-cause mortality in hospitals if you just told people that antibiotics are inappropriate for the novel virus and that the novel virus doesn't even need to be tested for.
It's tough.
We can't do it because the FDA won't let us.
No one else in this narrative besides Mark Kulak has tried to assemble a list of explanations which rules out a novel virus very successfully.
Only us.
Everybody else is convinced that this equation requires a mystery virus that killed millions of people and that probably came from a gain-of-function laboratory and likely could come again.
And that is how you can understand that you haven't actually been freed by any of these people.
You have been permanently imprisoned in this mystery-solving exercise that you have acquiesced to accepting.
It's all fraud, it's all lies, and it's primarily murder.
Now, you can summarize it in a lot of ways.
You can have that long list over there.
You can just say that number one, not using antibiotics for pneumonia is a crime.
And so anybody that can look back on the COVID pandemic and see that one of their relatives was treated like that, or that your head of your department told you that you had to treat people like that, can look back and say, wait a minute, maybe he's right.
Maybe those CDC protocols made me essentially murder people or injure them in a way that could be misconstrued as COVID.
And of course, we all know the story that most of the COVID was spreading in hospitals.
It wasn't spreading in hospitals or being generated by the inappropriate treatment of people in hospitals that included primarily the acceptance of a viral syndrome for which antibiotics were inappropriate.
So then couple that with the opioid crisis being allowed to let go free, wild.
Couple that with do not resuscitate orders in specific places during specific times.
Maybe some suicides.
But I think these two are more than enough, especially this one.
The leading cause of death for people under 40.
That's gonna be a problem with regard to lowering life expectancy.
Now, why do we keep hammering on that?
Because there are two numbers that everybody keeps accepting when they accept the pandemic narrative.
The numbers, one, is that there are some number of people who died of COVID.
And number two is that some of those people were not old people, and that's why the life expectancy in America has plummeted for the first time significantly since the 1918 pandemic flu.
There are lots of people, including Vincent Rackaniello,
And Tony Fauci, who would argue exactly that, and Pierre Kory would argue exactly that, that if it's not COVID, it is the COVID shots which have caused this lowered life expectancy.
And that is an absolute lie.
The math is there.
Anybody that wanted to investigate could find that there is a significant number of Americans
included in this opioid epidemic that have died way earlier than they should have and by definition that has shifted that number in a way that this novel virus doesn't necessarily need to have done.
But all of these people are certain that it did.
And when I say all of these people, I mean Tony Fauci and Mary Holland and Peter Daszak and Robert Malone and Francis Collins and Kevin McKernan.
They're all certain that there was a novel virus that could be sequenced, that was followed, that evolved, that killed people.
It was a strange disease.
And now there's a spike protein in people because we transfected them.
I mean, gave them a vaccine.
And so death certificates could definitely be faked for money because it was worth a lot of money and because hospitals are managed by corporations for the profit margin, and PCR was not a useful diagnostic tool, but because of the pandemic, the magic trick of the pandemic, we have PCR in all of our hospitals doing all kinds of work now.
And that's not by accident.
That is by script.
That is by plan.
And a lot of people, including myself, got sucked into those first couple years of arguing about a lab leak and effectively not realizing that PCR was where we should have been fighting.
where the fake death certificates are where we should have been fighting.
The opioid epidemic is where we should have been fighting.
The pure oxygen and ventilation causing ARDS is what we should have been talking about.
There's 10 years, 20 years of literature in the primary literature and even in textbooks about critical care where this is talked about at length.
And yet everybody missed it for somehow because we were talking about ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine.
instead of antibiotics.
And so mandates are slave speak.
If you're arguing about mandates being bad, then you're speaking slave speak.
Vaccines are a mythology.
Autism is a mythology.
Gain of function is a mythology and AI is a mythology.
How much clearer can I be here?
Let's try to be a little clearer.
Making poisoning kids is a choice?
That's silly.
So talking about mandates is actually slave speak.
Intramuscular injection is dumb.
That's why vaccines are a mythology.
It's just dumb.
So autism is a mythology that complicates intramuscular injection being dumb.
If intramuscular injection is dumb, we don't need a thousand explanations for autism.
We don't need to come up with the environmental and genetic causes of autism if intramuscular injection is dumb.
So I hope I'm being very clear, trying to be simple, autism complicates intramuscular injection is dumb.
And intramuscular injection is definitely dumb.
But you know, I'm open to the possibility that it's not.
The title of this program is The Importance of Injecting Vaccines into Muscle.
It would be crazy if there was actually an article in the British Medical Journal titled The Importance of Injecting Vaccines into Muscle, because if there's that
article and I have been saying intramuscular injection is dumb than any of these people could have corrected me at any time they wanted to by just pulling this article up and reading it and saying how crazy it is that, you know, the guy who used to work for CHD and before that used to work for the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine is saying something is so crazy as intramuscular injection is dumb when the importance of injecting vaccines into muscle is the title of an article.
The language is the enchantment, ladies and gentlemen.
Virology is just applications using synthetic DNA, so gain-of-function is just a mythology.
And language is the enchantment.
How they talk about it is the enchantment.
You argue with them using their terms, and you lose.
More importantly, your kids lose.
So let's have a little journal club here.
This is the title of the paper.
Remember, I just want to make sure you see the overarching idea here is intramuscular injection is dumb and autism complicates that.
It makes something very complicated out of something very, very simple.
We don't need a book like James Lyons Wyler's New York Times bestseller, Environmental and Genetic Causes of Autism, if intramuscular injection is just plain dumb.
So let's read this article and see if it's convincing about why intramuscular injection is important for vaccines.
And the subtitle is different patients need different size needles.
It sounds almost, yeah.
Wow.
Okay.
Anyway, here we go.
I'm just going to read this because I think it's fun.
Most vaccines should be given via intramuscular route into the deltoid or the anterolateral aspect of the thigh.
This optimizes immunogenicity of the vaccine and minimizes adverse reactions at the injection site.
Recent studies have highlighted the importance of administering vaccines correctly.
And so I'm sure that the bibliography of this paper is just a magnificent collection of articles that proves beyond a shadow of a doubt the unbelievable convenience biologically
of intramuscular injection.
I mean, it's just so awesome that now that we have hypodermic needles, we can take advantage of intramuscular injection because it's so freaking cool.
This optimizes the immunogenicity of the vaccine and minimizes the reactions at the injection site.
Recent studies have highlighted the importance of administering vaccines correctly.
Clinical practice needs to reflect considerations about the right length and gauge of needles used to ensure that those vaccinated get the immunological benefits of the vaccine without local side effects.
Now, local side effects are an interesting thing.
So essentially,
The only thing this paper is worried about are local side effects.
We're not talking about autism.
I mean, that's crazy.
We're just talking about local side effects.
I wonder what those local side effects are.
Injecting a vaccine into the layer of subcutaneous fat where poor vascularity may result in slow mobilization and processing of antigen, it is a cause of vaccine failure.
For example, in hepatitis B, rabies, and influenza vaccines.
Compared with intramuscular administration, subcutaneous injection of hepatitis B vaccine leads to a significantly lower seroconversion rates and more rapidly decaying, sorry, and more rapid decay of antibody response.
So first and foremost, here we have it.
If you accept their model of seroconversion, you accept their model of antibodies as a sign of immunity, then you are accepting their testing methods,
You are accepting their methodologies.
You are accepting this concept that antibodies present can be a specific signal for a specific experience.
Imagine that, that they would say that we can test your brain for antibodies that are specific for a memory that you just had.
We can tell if you played poker this week or not because it will leave antibodies in your brain and we can test for them.
It's a very similar claim that we can test your blood for a sign that you have been exposed.
And you accept all of that in one go if you read this paper.
It just leads to significantly lower seroconversion is the enchantment.
If you understand what seroconversion means and don't question it, you're done.
Traditionally, the buttocks were thought to be an appropriate site for vaccination, but the layers of fat do not contain the appropriate cells that are necessary to initiate the immune response.
Phagocytic are antigen-presenting cells.
It's interesting, right, that you would put fat in places maybe not just to store it, but also maybe to protect things or, you know, to make it, you know, you're more robust, less, you know, small punctures and abrasions will be even less of a problem then, right, or something.
I don't know.
That doesn't make any sense.
The antigen may also take longer to reach the circulation after being deposited in fat, leading to a delay in processing by macrophages and eventually presentation to the T and B cells that are involved in the immune response.
So there's a very poor representation of the immune response, as though the presentation happens to both T and B cells.
That's, of course,
In addition, antigens may be denatured by enzymes if they remain in fat for hours or days.
Are you telling me that Brandy Vaughn was right and we have many ways at our barriers of processing toxins and getting rid of them before they actually get into the blood?
That would be nuts, wouldn't it?
Wow, okay, so the importance of these factors is supported by the findings that thicker skin folds are associated with a lowered antibody response to vaccines.
Wow, curious.
Some severe, sorry, serious reactions to intramuscular injections are rare.
In one series of 26,294 adults, of whom 46 had received at least one intramuscular injection, only 48 had local adverse effects.
However, subcutaneous injections can cause abscesses and granulomas.
I think that's cancer.
Hmm.
So if something can be injected subcutaneously,
and cause abscesses or granulomas, but in the muscle that's, it doesn't happen.
It's interesting.
Muscle has probably spared the harmful effects of substances injected into it because of its abundant blood supply.
Oh, abundant blood supply.
So it needs to get into the blood.
You don't want it to sit somewhere and stay at the local injection site.
You want it to get into the blood, huh?
I thought that the whole point was to make it stay there and that one of the reasons why you had to aspirate is because you didn't want to get it into the blood too fast or something.
Anyway, okay.
Adipose tissue having a much poorer drainage channels retains injected material for much longer and therefore also susceptible to its adverse effects.
In the cases of vaccine in which antigens are absorbed to
Antigen is adsorbed to an aluminum salt adjuvant, such as those for hepatitis A, hepatitis B, and diphtheria, tetanus, and pertussis vaccines.
That's a lot of aluminum.
The intramuscular route is strongly preferred because superficial administration leads to an increased incidence in local reactions, such as irritation, inflammation, granuloma formation, and necrosis.
Huh.
But necrosis doesn't happen in the muscle because it leaks out
It gets out fast enough, it gets in the blood quick.
That's cool.
Interesting.
So injection technique and needle size both determine how deep a substance is injected.
Okay.
So again, we're getting kind of into a gray area here because I thought John Campbell and, and, and Mark Giraudeau had figured it all out.
That it was really just the bolus theory and, and all you have to do is aspirate.
And then most of these, if not all of these adverse reactions would simply go away.
So let's see, injection technique involves stretching the skin flat before inserting the needle or pinching a fold of skin before injection, which may necessitate the use of longer needles.
So you have to know how thick their skin is and how much fat they have before you can hit their muscle?
God, go figure.
I wonder how many people were doing that during the, yeah, okay, anyway.
Is it different in kids?
How thick is the kid's muscle in its skin and different kids and stuff?
I wonder, huh, that's weird.
To make sure the needle reaches the muscle and that the vaccine does not seep into subcutaneous tissue, the decision on size of needle and injection site should be made individually for each person.
Hey, come over here, little kid.
I want to pinch you, measure your skin thickness before I select from this whole range of needles here I have in this drawer.
Imagine making such a big deal out of the size of the needle if intramuscular injection is just dumb.
Just think about this.
In a recent, sorry, it should be based on the person's age, the volume of material to be administered, and the size of the muscle.
In a recent study, the thickness of the fat pad above the deltoid muscle of the upper arm was measured in 220 adults using high frequency ultrasonography.
A wide variation exists in the thickness of the deltoid fat pad with women having significantly more subcutaneous fat than men.
No way!
A standard 5 eighth inch needle would not have achieved sufficient penetration for true deltoid intramuscular injection in 17% of men and nearly 50% of women in the study population.
For men weighing 59, maybe safer to use a one inch needle.
And for women over 90 kilograms, you might need a one and a half inch needle.
Oh, you're a pretty fat lady.
We got a special one for you.
Health care professionals may hesitate to use longer needles on the ground that they are likely to cause the patient more discomfort.
However, skeletal muscle has a poor supply of pain fibers compared with skin and subcutaneous tissue, which you still have to go through.
Consideration should be given to needle gauge.
That's this.
A wide bore needle ensures the vaccine is dissipated over a wider area.
Reducing the risk of localized, ooh, I don't know that that's, how is that the case?
That's weird.
A standard size needle will not guarantee successful intramuscular injection in all people.
When intramuscular injection vaccine administration is needed to ensure optimal immunogenicity and minimize local reactions, a selected of non-fixed needles, pre-filled syringes may have provided with a fixed needle on the barrel.
See, so he's arguing against the vaccine technologies, the fill and finish vaccine technologies that Robert Malone has been brokering for a couple decades now.
Maybe that's the problem.
Should be able to allow healthcare professionals to select the length and gauge of needle appropriate to each patient.
What an interesting idea here we're at.
So just to summarize, I think that RNA cannot pandemic and they won't argue with that.
In fact, now that we've established it, Sukrit Bhakti says that we shouldn't talk about it anymore, which I kind of find funny.
Intramuscular injection is dumb.
I think that's also something that they won't challenge because the best challenge that they have is what we just read.
And yes, it was a transfection and transformation in the population pyramids, but let me just explain it.
Okay, let me just explain it frame by frame it.
I get kind of tired, you know, sometimes I think I'm leading horses to water and they don't drink.
But I'm gonna keep working because I think it's worth it.
If nothing else, it helps me work out some of these ideas.
So I've drawn this picture before with the intention of trying to illustrate how bad intramuscular injection is as an idea.
And biologically, I think it's extremely bad.
But one of the interesting things about this diagram, and this diagram is composed essentially of a tube.
It is a tube that is you with one side branch of the tube, which is your lungs, okay?
And then this is essentially a simplified version of the human body.
and if we draw the outside here like this and then we make this a hole like that here you see and this can also be a hole right here and then essentially you have the inside right this tube and this tube is on the outside here that's a hole and a hole so food can go in that hole and then the waste products come out this hole and also air can go in this hole
And it can go back out the same hole, see?
Air goes in, air goes in.
Air, food, and waste, yeah?
And so the argument against intramuscular injection is that, I hope this red is full.
I might not have filled this pen, so I apologize if it's not full.
The idea is, is that at the border here, there is the immune system.
The immune system is organized around the border and that border is the skin and it is all the epithelium inside your gut and all the epithelium inside your lungs.
Yes.
And so that's why I draw it like this.
And then this is the other side of the diagram because you've been, you've been turned into a grapefruit and you've been cut in half, but wow, this is really bad.
I got to put my glasses on.
That's the problem.
I'm trying to focus back and forth and it ain't working.
that inside our guts we're essentially carrying around a compost heap and we're not dying with this compost heap inside of us.
It's not burning out of control.
It's not toxic.
It's a real fine balance, in fact, in here with the food we eat that somehow or another, the symbiosis between the bacteria in our gut and ourselves allows us to carry around soil
in our intestines.
And that's a pretty magnificent feat.
It's pretty magical.
And the reason why intramuscular injection to augment that system is so silly is because you're putting
intramuscular injection goes right in here to the middle where all of the orientation of the immune system is from inside out.
The whole organization of phagocytic cells, of the epithelium, of the T cells and B cells, the resident
The resident cells, they're all organized in a fashion which has an orientation.
Even in the lungs, there's an inside-out orientation.
There's an inside-out orientation.
On your skin, there's an inside-out orientation.
And in the gut, there's an inside-out orientation.
And so by putting intramuscular injection as a combination of substances with the intent of augmenting this system here, you are putting it in a place that is actually privileged already.
It is already thought to be pathogen free or damage associated pattern free.
Now, the interesting thing about this cartoon is that this is just the cartoon that is designed to explain my intramuscular injection is dumb from the perspective of the immune system.
But what if we took this picture and we made it contain the hypersymbiosis that we're talking about in Biology 101?
So I hope this will work.
I don't know which one of these is blue.
Is it this one?
Can you see the blue difference there?
I hope you can see the blue difference.
So if we put the bacteria here in our gut as little blue droplets.
And so these bacteria in our gut are the bacteria that help us digest all of our food and process all of that.
A lot of work is done by our friends, the bacteria, and they produce and release a lot of byproducts that are useful to us.
If we didn't have a microbiome, then we wouldn't be able to accomplish all the things that we accomplish.
We wouldn't live.
You want to see and do an experiment on this.
A very easy experiment to do is to go to your local drugstore and buy a product called Miralax and use it for about three weeks.
Now, please do not do this.
Do not do this.
But it is a way that if one really wanted to prove to yourself that this is true, you can do it in a heartbeat because Miralax is a terrible product.
What Miralax does is it takes all the water out of your intestine.
And the idea of it is somehow it's supposed to be a laxative.
But what it does is that it decimates the microbiome.
And oftentimes when children are prescribed Miralax and they're on it for any length of time, they end up going bananas.
And there's lots of stories about this.
People know this.
They've known it for a long time.
In fact, CHD has known it for a long time and really hasn't done anything.
And if you go to CVS right now and you go to their counter, right next to the flu vaccine sign, you will see underneath it, Miralax is available over the counter in large quantities as if anybody that's constipated should just use this product.
And I cannot stress the danger
that this product represents to somebody becoming permanently dysregulated.
So here's your microbiome.
The most important thing to understand is that the microbiome is composed of bacteria and their phages.
Now, depending on what book you read,
You know, you can read a lot of different microbiology books.
You can read a book like this one, which is titled The Genetics of Bacteria and Their Viruses.
Or you can read a book like Virology.
And there are very, very different conclusions that you will come to.
But let's just suffice it to say that the bacteriophages that are passing through our body freely, through our gut epithelium freely,
are moving throughout all of our bodies and have been found in the liver and in the brain and in the heart and in all the places that they've looked.
And so, one of the aspects of this picture, which is never really drawn in Biology 101 textbooks, is that there is continuous phage circulation
within the gut and throughout the body.
So the bacteria are not necessarily moving across the gut wall.
They might move in and out of the Peyer's patches every night, but they're not moving in and out of the gut wall.
They're basically trapped in the mucus.
And so the phages are the ones that have the ability to move freely through the mucus and move freely past the epithelial barrier into circulation.
And so one of the things as these phages are in circulation that could happen is that we could make antibodies to certain phages and preferentially support the phage communication of certain kinds of microbes in our gut.
Essentially, if there are certain microbes which are beneficially using phages to communicate and enrich each other's environment,
then we could help those microbes by selecting their phages and working against or eliminating the phages of other microbes that we don't necessarily want and have not developed a symbiotic relationship since we were born.
bacteria can pass through the mammary glands of your mother.
And so if you were breastfed, its chances are that the majority of your gut microbiome was established by the bacteria which passed through your mother's milk.
And therefore, your body would also learn the phages of those bacteria first in infancy and probably then develop a bias to them in the sense of when new bacteria started to become present in your gut as you ate new food.
that those bacteria would have a hard time competing with the resident bacteria from the very beginning because their phages won't be tolerated.
And so you can see the potential for disaster if your immune system is primarily there as part of a hyper symbiosis between you and that bacterial colony, that soil that you're carrying around in your gut.
And that interplay is impossibly complex.
And so trying to augment that by intramuscular injection becomes even more preposterous than before you thought of our symbiosis as so special as this, as so primary as this.
And this is just the first very thin layer of a new biology 101, where you don't just think of the individual as the person in the genes.
But you think of him or her as a pattern integrity with a trajectory across time.
It's a terrible picture.
We're going to draw much better pictures in the future.
But I'm just trying to get these ideas out there in a way that people can understand them.
And I think I got to take a lot of shots at it before I'm going to get it right.
And so I'm going to keep working on that.
And I hope you'll be here for me as we keep going with this.
So I think it's really important to explain to our kids how amazing that background is, how irreducibly complex the background of bacteria and their phages are in our microbiome, on our skin, in our environment, such that it is impossible for them to have tracked with such high fidelity a signal like the spike protein or an N protein or H5N1 avian flu.
And of course, the most parsimonious example for the jumping of species of COVID or the jumping of species of an avian flu is that they're just infecting the same bacteria and that we all share a common set of symbiotic bacteria.
We have a common theme.
And so it's not surprising if occasionally we find a signal that should be tied to phage communication
And we find that signal across lots of contemporary species.
That's not that surprising because again, the foundation of life on earth is the microbiome.
We carry soil in our guts.
We can think our way out, ladies and gentlemen.
That's what a biology coach is.
I'm trying to get this stuff running on the hardwood, and it's gonna happen, but I'm just this close, I'm this close.
Just to very review the Bad Biology 101, evolution because DNA.
So DNA equals genes.
Once they got there, now they can do whatever they want to.
Genes is such a big word, they can use it for whatever they want.
But genes generally cause disease.
or genes create vulnerabilities that autism jumps out from.
Genes code for proteins, but that's not sufficient to explain the pattern integrity with a trajectory across time.
But, nevertheless, these people have made an argument for a very long time that genes
are the nature of the nature versus nurture.
But since genes don't have the trajectory across time in them, because genes just code for proteins, then that's not possible.
That's not all there is.
So it's already an illusion.
If we keep going with this, then you can see that their model, most DNA is unnecessary.
That's gotta be ridiculous.
Because again, they're missing most of the data that's required.
What diseases are nurtured then?
This is one question you might ask yourself.
Where are the codes for the trajectory across time?
And which one do we need to understand more?
This is all part of the sort of illusion that they are perpetuating with this bad biology.
But you can break out by realizing that most DNA is not understood, that protein sequences does not make a pattern integrity.
If you realize that genes limit the possibilities or create limits on the possibilities, and that's about all they can do.
They provide a template, maybe a storage thing, we don't know.
But the idea
that we already understand it is absurd.
Self-assembly of proteins and folding and this kind of thing is definitely not the answer.
You can't just mix all these things in the right quantity and now you'll have life, even though that's also part of this.
And I think a good idea that I'm gleaning from Joshua Lederberg is the idea of eugenics versus euphenics.
It's still kind of a dichotomy that I don't like.
But it is a side of the coin that heretofore has not really been discussed.
So eugenics would be the idea of, oh, we're going to fix the genes that are bad and make humans better.
We're going to take over the evolution of the species by changing the DNA.
Joshua Lederberg would have said that's absolutely ridiculous.
Until we understand the euphenics, how to optimize development, how to optimize the trajectory across time, then we can't possibly understand how to change the
plan for that trajectory across time.
We have to understand that first.
And so again, I'm just trying to accentuate the idea that this bad biology is what got us here.
It's what we're trapped.
There are no diseases blamed on bacteriophages.
He had a very parsimonious explanation for why the bird flu is now found in so many different places is because it is a bacteriophage.
The signal that they are purporting is bird flu is actually a bacteriophage signal.
What signal do they say they're finding?
We don't know because they don't need to say it anymore.
Because we're so far down in this narrative trap that they don't even need to say it anymore.
Bacteriophages are free to pass the gut barrier.
They've been found wherever we look for them and they are very abundant.
Interestingly, they are free to move through mucus.
Just like on coral reefs.
just like in the slime of fish, just like in the mucus of your gut, and in your lungs.
And there is a fundamental reason for it, because that is a fundamental part of the hypersymbiosis.
And mitochondria, they are the remnants, they are the endosymbionts, and it is very possible that there is phage communication between the mitochondria of our cells and our microbiome directly.
What is a pie with a tat?
What is a pattern integrity with a trajectory across time?
I really think this is our task at hand.
We have to take these ideas, the ideas about mitochondria, we have to think about payers patches, we have to think about what antibodies really do
and whether they interact with phages.
And if that's the case, then this pattern integrity with a trajectory across time has to do with mitochondria being endosymbionts, part of that phage communication.
So messing with the immune system is messing with the regulation of mitochondria.
Weird, right?
That autism is mitochondria.
And that endosymbiosis is really Lynn Margulis.
If you're looking for a book, you're looking for Symbiosis in Cell Evolution by Lynn Margulis.
It's a good one.
You can get it on eBay.
Peyer's Patches versus Rhizophagy.
That will be our journal club in a couple days.
You can learn a lot by looking at how plants roots interact with soil bacteria and how nutrients are extracted from soil bacteria.
And then maybe see an interesting analogy with payers patches.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is for all the marbles.
This is for your grandchildren.
That's why there's a fake anti-vax movement in America.
You have to learn why and what this background is composed of and what Joshua Lederberg knew.
and what Lynn Margolis knew and what we're learning again, what Brandy probably would have loved to learn with us.
Thank you very much for being here.
Don't forget they have not differentiated from the background That was it.
I think that's it.
I'm just gonna end it right there.
That's gonna be repeated This is gonna go here.
So I will just say this one again Non-specific PCR tests with placebos ladies and gentlemen, it's very very easy.
Very very simple.
Thank you much for being here Thank you everybody for sharing the stream and I will see you again tomorrow
I think we're going to try to put a little streak together.
I don't know how many days in a row we'll get to, but I feel like there's a lot of work to be done and there are a lot of study halls.
So I'll start with like a short study hall and then I'll do a journal club or something like that afterward.
Double headers for a while.
Thank you very much for being here and I will see you again tomorrow.
Share it everywhere, ladies and gentlemen.
Share it if you can.
Thank you very much.
See you tomorrow.